what does scope mean?-- accessibility (visibility) of variables
which scope does JS have?-- global, function, block
what is the strict mode?-- In "Strict Mode", undeclared variables are not automatically global.
What is Hoisting?--JavaScript's default behavior of moving declarations to the top of the current scope
when was the use strict directive introduced?-- in ECMAScript version 5.
What are the best style guides and pracitces?-- camelCase, spaces around operators, Avoid global variables, avoid new, avoid ==, avoid eval(), Reduce DOM Access
What does this refer to?--Alone and in a function, this refers to the global object. In a function, in strict mode, this is undefined. In an object method, this refers to the object. In an event, this refers to the element that received the event.
what is a self invoked function?-- it starts immediately after it is defined
is a function always a method?-- yes, if a function is not a method of a JavaScript object, it is a method of the global object 
what can you do with the call() method?--It can be used to invoke (call) a method with an object as an argument (parameter).
when should you use apply() instead of call()?-- The apply() method is very handy if you want to use an array instead of an argument list.
How can you preserve this in a method call?-- When a function is used as a callback, this is lost.
What does the Object.assign() method do?-- copies properties from one or more source objects to a target object.
What is in git the difference between checkout, reset and revert?-- checkout moves the view, reset moves branches, revert adds corrected history
What should you do, when everything goes wrong in git?-- git reflog
What is the DOM?-- Document object model, programming interface, that arranges html or XML as a tree structure , an API that JS uses
What is JS?-- a high level interpreted programming language, dynamic typing, prototype inheritance, functions are first class citizens, the language is event driven, runs on client and serverside
What is the difference between var, let and const?--var is function scoped, let is block scoped, const makes the binding immutable
what are the two steps of hoisting?-- creation and initialization
can arrow functions be used as constructors?-- no and they also dont have their own agruments object
